---
layout: post
title:  "UFC Bot PoC. Step 1. Research. Wiki and Google search."
date:   2023-02-04 17:37:50 +0100
---

For a few weeks I've been playing quite hard with LLMs, so I finally decided to focus on specific project.
My good friend is building little [fan page](https://www.ufcbot.com){:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener noreferrer"} for UFC fans , so I decided to help him with his dream of having UFC bot!

Goal was to see if it's possible to have Q/A bot being able to answer most of the questions about UFC. Plan was to spend 3-4 days on PoC and see how far we can go.

So here go my rough notes from this specific process.

## Getting data

As there is not really good UFC API (statmuse doesn't support UFC, sportboard is expensive) we decided to give it a try with Wikipedia as a source of data.

#### First try - Wikipedia search

From very beginning our plan was to use Langchain, as it has a few interesting functionalities that are crafted for our use case. Quick lookup on their docs and we generated agent searching through online wiki pages:

{% highlight python %}
from langchain import OpenAI, Wikipedia
from langchain.agents import initialize_agent, Tool
from langchain.agents.react.base import DocstoreExplorer

docstore=DocstoreExplorer(Wikipedia())

tools = [
    Tool(
        name="Search",
        func=docstore.search
    ),
    Tool(
        name="Lookup",
        func=docstore.lookup
    )
]

llm = OpenAI(temperature=0, model_name="text-davinci-003")
react = initialize_agent(tools, llm, agent="react-docstore", verbose=True)

question = YOUR_QUESTION
react.run(question)

{% endhighlight %}

We run it with few questions:

**What was the result of main event of UFC 283?**

**Who is current UFC Light Heavyweight champion?**

**Who has most submissions in UFC history?**

Example answer (for first question):

```
Observation 3: UFC 283: Teixeira vs. Hill was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on January 21, 2023, at the Jeunesse Arena in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Thought 4: The result of the main event was Glover Teixeira defeated Jamahal Hill via submission (guillotine choke) at 4:27 of round 1.
Action 4: Finish[Glover Teixeira defeated Jamahal Hill via submission (guillotine choke) at 4:27 of round 1.]
```

Results were really mixed and mostly bad. It could get something right (like names of fighters in 1st question and whole answer for 3rd one), but it hallucinated most of results... Somehow expected but was worth to give it a try.

And by the way - this method generates quite a bit of requests to OpenAI API - resulting in quite a bit cost for single query.

This is only for 1st question:

**text-davinci, 9 requests
18,066 prompt + 405 completion = 18,471 tokens**

#### Second try - Google

We also tried with google search - using SerpAPI or GoogleSearchAPIWrapper

Simple example for SerpAPI (Google is very similar):

{% highlight python %}
from langchain.agents import load_tools
from langchain.agents import initialize_agent
from langchain.llms import OpenAI

llm = OpenAI(temperature=0)

tools = load_tools(["serpapi", "llm-math"], llm=llm)

agent = initialize_agent(tools, llm, agent="zero-shot-react-description", verbose=True)

print(agent.run("What was the result of main event of UFC 283?"))
{% endhighlight %}

Example answers:

**What was the result of main event of UFC 283?**

Both had similar (good) answer:
```
Jamahal Hill defeated Glover Teixeira by unanimous decision (50-44, 50-44, 50-44) to become the new UFC light heavyweight champion.
```

**Who is current UFC Light Heavyweight champion?**

SerpAPI:
```
Observation 2: Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) champions are fighters who have won UFC championships.
Thought 3: The current UFC Light Heavyweight champion is Jan Błachowicz.
Action 3: Finish[Jan Błachowicz]
```

Google:
```
Jamahal Hill is the current UFC Light Heavyweight champion.
```

**Who has most submissions in UFC history?**

SerpAPI:
```
Frank Mir holds the most submission wins in the history of the heavyweight division with eight wins via tap-out.
```

Google:
```
Charles Oliveira is the UFC fighter with the most submission wins throughout the organization's history.
```

SerpAPI somehow got only 1/3 answers right, but Google wrapper was 3/3 !!

That looked unexpectedly promising.

#### Testing more

It was time for more tricky questions.

**How many records were set during UFC 282?**

Google:
```
Two records were set during UFC 282
```

Good! If you're into UFC, you know this was quite tricky question. Lets go to details.

**Please list all records set during UFC 282.**

```
Records set during UFC 282 include Raul Rosas Jr. becoming the youngest winner in UFC history with a first-round submission, a rare title-fight draw, an 18-year-old winner, a historic knockout, and Paddy “The Baddy” pushing his record to a perfect 4-0 at the UFC level.
```

Here unfortunately it's a loss.

**Which UFC event had Highest Pay-Per-View buys?**

```
The biggest UFC event in terms of pay-per-view buys took place at UFC 229 in 2018, with Khabib Nurmagomedov vs. Conor McGregor, which had 2,400,000 PPV buys.
```

Again good answer!

## Summary

From few tested methods definitely Google wrapper did the job best and in fact it was unexpected how good it was.

However from very beginning I was thinking to use embeddings and semantic search for this use case, as it should suit it even better.
More in upcoming post, where we will do ultimate comparison.

Stay tuned!




